4 more months until bottom surgery.

I think a lot about the future. I don't see a future.
I just want to get that surgery, because I hate all the pushback from society I've had to endure, just to be happy with my own body.
I don't want to die with that thing between my legs.

I don't see a future.
Honestly, this world is a sick nightmare.
It's like people banning my from social media and banning my blog, it's not my loss when I die.
A lot of people are really transphobic. There is even hate preachers right where I live, calling being transgender a sin.
I don't understand why people tolerate such things. 
Sometimes I feel a lot of anger.
But let them be the ones that lived a life of harassing others.. I wonder how they will look back on life on their death-bed.
I ask my therapist why people harass others. Apparently harassing others makes them feel better about their own shitty life, or something.
Humans are so ugly. I'm no saint either. I sometimes fantasize about visiting the stalkers that sent me hateful emails and beating the shit of them with a metal baseball bat..
It's funny.. because it doesn't even scare me that I hate these people so much, that I would probably be even capable of such violence.
But the thing is, when you're a minority, you can't ever react with violence.. because then you become the monster that people say you are.
I'm really far from perfect. Being in this world has been a weird experience. As a kid they told me I was autistic, I spent a lot of years in institutions and mental hospitals when I was younger..
It's still a very confusing part of my life. There was cool people there, especially the place I was when I was 14.. it was the first time I learned to talk about my emotions and show emotions..
sometimes I wish I could show those people that I'm at Microsoft now.. but that part of my life is a decade and half ago now.. they probably don't even remember me anymore.
but then the next places in ended up in.. the people there would shout at you and stuff. Then when I dropped out of highschool and all the mental institutes I was in after that because I was really depressed.. those places were a nightmare..
I spent months in total, in isolation cells.. tied to a bed.. in a small empty room. I still don't understand why. I think the people who worked there enjoyed being sadists. 

I often wonder if my bleak view of the world is because of life experiences. There's also cool people. THe manager that hired me, like way before he hired me, he came to visit me in Belgium. All the way from the US.
There's good people too. But maybe all the good people are just in a nightmare. That doesn't make the nightmare less of a nightmare.

People think being transgender is a choice. It's not. If it was a choice, no sane person would open themselves up to a lifetime of harassment. I wish it was a choice.. because people sure as hell treated me better before coming out.

I think a lot about the end. It's a paradox, dead feeling like such a relief in my head, even though you cannot feel anything when you're dead, not even relief.
I wish I could attribute how I feel to isolation, but to be honest, this shitty world, the way people are, it's like being in a nightmare. I just want to wake up from the nightmare.

I think a lot about when I was in the Arctic. It's funny how a cold desolate place is the only place in this world where I got to experience beauty.

I know that some people will be happy if I'm dead, like those retards emailing me to kill myself.. but it's really not my loss. I lose nothing by not being in a nightmare anymore.
